---
id: 4
title: 'How do I learn to love myself'
author: 'Lawrence Su'
date: "2026-02-09"
slug: "how_do_i_learn_to_love_myself"
thumbnail: "./love_images/4_thumbnail.png"
---

# How do I learn to love myself

## I have a long history of self neglect and 0 self love

I know, it does sound bleak that I never really love myself for once for real. I have no idea why I treated myself like this in the past. But the general feels is that I simply can not <b>imagine</b> how does it feel to love myself. I've obviously crossed path with many great individuals (Eric G., Marlon, Vallerie, my sister, Kim, and unsurprisingly, almost every lovely girls and women) that gave me advice or inspired me for self-love, and I did give it a go for a few times. Still, I could not, for the life of me, learn what it is. I guess I have never really been loved, by my family or friends. Family, especially. Because my parents live a <b>chaotic</b> life style and also lack self-love in general. And in turn, they have never really expressed love to us. I guess it's a chain of <b>loveless</b> history that results to this but alas, the history is long gone, and I'm more than ready to stay looking forward.

## So how do I learn to self love

A few coincidences made this happen. It did not happen spontaneously but rather a string of events pushed this to happen. First, I've realized whenever I went to any social event, there was people genuinely <b>liked</b> me. It either happened more and more recently or I started to pick up on the facts. Second, I just started to quit <b>dating</b> because I felt like I was torturing myself when I couldn't even get comfortable with any stranger. Combining these 2 factors, I realized I was, indeed, <b>loved</b>, but I was actively sabotaging myself with stressfully thinking about getting a successful date all day every day that I couldn't bring myself to <b>feel</b> them.

I soon started to have some "me day"s, I went to kareoke (forgive if it's misspelled) alone, it was honestly freeing. I plan to do more "me day"s but for now I'm caught up with life for a bit, but I'll have plenty of alone time soon.

Can't wait to plan a bunch of things just for myself, and learn more ways to care and love for myself. <b><3</b>
